it's been five months since the seor
family last heard from D but he's ever
present in their thoughts especially
those of his 8-year-old daughter an
agricultural worker on a kabut d is now
believed to be one of eight ties being
held in Gaza but throughout this
difficult time the family feel they've
been ignored by the Thai
authorities I feel forgotten they have
forgotten us are they still searching
for him is he still on the list is there
any information on where and how my son
is we don't know anything it's like we
are
blind in late November 23 ties were
released from Gaza and returned home at
the time Thailand's Minister of Foreign
Affairs said he was optimistic those who
remained would follow as the Israeli
bombardment of Gaza continues hopes have
faded Israel's continued bombardment has
hindered Communications and cooperation
we don't know how to reopen the
negotiations but in previous talks Hamas
always assured us they are ready to meet
our needs because we are not the
enemy on Thursday five ties were injured
in an attack in Northern Israel when an
anti-tank missile exploded on a farm
where they worked but despite the
dangers as many as 30,000 ties remain
employed as Farm Workers many of the
Thai workers in Israel come from here in
the Northeast really with a lot of
Agriculture but while the Thai
government has tried to persuade them to
come home since October the 7th the
financial incentives are just too
great for those who can't come home yet
a message that the family is still
waiting I hope that you can get through
all these problems even though it's a
struggle be resilient your father and
mother are waiting your daughter is
waiting we have haven't given up hope
that you are still
alive but now all they have is prayer
her mother struggling to hang on to the
belief that her son will come home
unscathed Tony Chang alzero udani
Northeastern Thailand